src/projects/TodoList/README.md, before:

# Specification for TodoList project

We want to build a simple todo list application which will be able to store/edit/delete todos whilst letting you mark as completed, archive and even categorise.

Deliverables:

1) Set up Todolist main component to display a hard coded list of todos from state

2) Add an input to let you add a new Todo into state

3) Ability to delete a todo completly

4) Ability to mark a todo as completed (not delete it, just mark it so it looks different i.e. strikethrough)

5) Ability to edit a todo inline (i.e. click a button next to todo which changes it to an inputbox where you type something new and then hit save)

5.1) When editing a task, only see the confirm/cancel buttons

5.2) When editing a row, disable the input field and Add Item buttons

5.3) Add a border, each task in a box, border/padding/margins. Move the buttons underneath each todo.

## Stretch goals

6) Ability to add a cateogry to a Todo (i.e. "Shopping" or "Housework" which displays near it)

7) Ability to change the view from a single list to a list by category

8) Add an option to "Archive" a Todo which puts in a seperate list

9) Aplhabetically sort the Todos or sort by when they were created (hard one...)

Commit message:

completed todolist-6.1
6.1) Assign categories when creating a new todo

src/projects/TodoList/README.md, after:

# Specification for TodoList project

We want to build a simple todo list application which will be able to store/edit/delete todos whilst letting you mark as completed, archive and even categorise.

Deliverables:

1) Set up Todolist main component to display a hard coded list of todos from state

2) Add an input to let you add a new Todo into state

3) Ability to delete a todo completly

4) Ability to mark a todo as completed (not delete it, just mark it so it looks different i.e. strikethrough)

5) Ability to edit a todo inline (i.e. click a button next to todo which changes it to an inputbox where you type something new and then hit save)

5.1) When editing a task, only see the confirm/cancel buttons

5.2) When editing a row, disable the input field and Add Item buttons

5.3) Add a border, each task in a box, border/padding/margins. Move the buttons underneath each todo.

## Stretch goals

6) Ability to add a cateogry to a Todo (i.e. "Shopping" or "Housework" which displays near it)

6.1) Assign categories when creating a new todo

6.2) Ability to create new catageories

6.3) delete a category

6.3.1) what about if a todo has a category assigned when you want to delete it (when i do 6.3 my code will break until i do this)

6.4) edit a category's todos (leave this for now)

7) Ability to change the view from a single list to a list by category

8) Add an option to "Archive" a Todo which puts in a seperate list

9) Aplhabetically sort the Todos or sort by when they were created (hard one...)
